[Stack] Add `useFlexGap` prop (#36404)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/stack/stack.md

```jsx
<Stack mt={2}>
```

## Flexbox gap

To use [flexbox `gap`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/gap) for the spacing implementation, set flag `useFlexGap` to true.

> It removes the [known limitation](#limitations) of the default implementation that uses CSS nested selector. However, CSS flexbox gap is not fully supported in some browsers. We recommend to check the [support percentage](https://caniuse.com/?search=flex%20gap) before using it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It removes the [known limitation](#limitations) of the default implementation that uses CSS nested selector. However, CSS flexbox gap is not fully supported in some browsers.
We recommend checking the [support percentage](https://caniuse.com/?search=flex%20gap) before using it.
```

x other instances
